[TH2-2654] Fixed replacement of the expected result with the string "null" value (#88)
th2-net/th2-check1: README.md

+ Migrated `grpc-check1` version from `3.4.2` to `3.5.0`
+ Migrated `sailfish-utils` version from `3.9.1` to `3.10.1`
  + Fixed conversion of `null` values

> + Now the strings with value `null` in the verification entry are converted as `null`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Corrected verification entry when the `null` value and string `"null"` looked the same for the expected value
```
